
### Crunch

> Generates password lists

```shell
crunch 3 3 0123456789ABCDEF -o 3digits.txt
```

The command above specifies the following:

- `3` the first number is the minimum length of the generated password
- `3` the second number is the maximum length of the generated password
- `0123456789ABCDEF` is the character set to use to generate the passwords
- `-o 3digits.txt` saves the output to the `3digits.txt` file

### Hydra

> Brute-force attacks on protocols and services.

```shell
hydra -l '' -P 3digits.txt -f -v 10.10.216.236 http-post-form "/login.php:pin=^PASS^:Access denied" -s 8000`
```

The command above will try one password after another in the `3digits.txt` file. It specifies the following:

- `-l ''` indicates that the login name is blank as the security lock only requires a password
- `-P 3digits.txt` specifies the password file to use
- `-f` stops Hydra after finding a working password
- `-v` provides verbose output and is helpful for catching errors
- `10.10.216.236` is the IP address of the target
- `http-post-form` specifies the HTTP method to use
- `"/login.php:pin=^PASS^:Access denied"` has three parts separated by `:`
    - `/login.php` is the page where the PIN code is submitted
    - `pin=^PASS^` will replace `^PASS^` with values from the password list
    - `Access denied` indicates that invalid passwords will lead to a page that contains the text “Access denied”
- `-s 8000` indicates the port number on the target

### Hashcat

> Brute-Force locally


### CeWL

CeWL (pronounced "cool") is a custom word list generator tool that spiders websites to create word lists based on the site's content.

```shell
cewl http://10.10.6.68 -w output.txt
```

Creates a password file `output.txt` for the website `http://10.10.6.68`

`-d 2` let's you define the depth of the search. (2) in this example

`-m 5 -x 10` sets the minimum password length to 5 and max to 10

The `--with-numbers` option will append numbers to words, and using `--extension` allows you to append custom extensions to each word, making it useful for directory or file brute-forcing.

If the target site is behind a login, you can use the `-a` flag for form-based authentication.

By default, CeWL doesn't spider external sites, but using the `--offsite` option allows you to do so.

### Wfuzz

```shell
wfuzz -c -z file,usernames.txt -z file,passwords.txt --hs "Please enter the correct credentials" -u http://10.10.6.68/login.php -d "username=FUZZ&password=FUZ2Z"
```

In the command above:

- `-z file,usernames.txt` loads the usernames list.
- `-z file,passwords.txt` uses the password list generated by CeWL.
- `--hs "Please enter the correct credentials"` hides responses containing the string "Please enter the correct credentials", which is the message displayed for wrong login attempts.
- `-u` specifies the target URL.
- `-d "username=FUZZ&password=FUZ2Z"` provides the POST data format where **FUZZ** will be replaced by usernames and **FUZ2Z** by passwords.